* **Aims**: Sales people and real estate agents etc. have to match products and services
with clients and convince them to buy them. Their success can be measured in client satisfaction,
ROI, or the number of sales achieved. Business executives need to lead their teams and 
represent their company to other executives. Their success can be measured in revenue growth and
in the happiness of their team.


* **Sources of satisfaction**: A lot of executives have a competitive drive to be more
"successful" than their competition. They enjoy networking with their clients and often
use them to find their next job.
They are usually compensated with bonuses at the end of the year if they meet certain goals
(set by their employer). Many like to be seen as a leader and climb up the career ladder.


* **Knowledge and skills**: They are great at communication and understand other people's
interests. These skills are useful to align their interests with those of the client to
close deals successfully. They almost always have a good understanding of the economy as
a whole and in their specific field of work - usually obtained through a college degree.


* **Attitudes to work**: Work is one of the biggest parts of the lives of our primary
stakeholders. Their jobs are very competitive and they hence always have to be at the
top of their game. This is reflected in the dynamic work hours that sales people and 
executives are required to put in.
 

* **Work-group attributes**: Sales people usually do not work in teams
for almost all of their tasks. In big companies, they do sometimes have meetings to
find out about each others recent work/achievements. Executives work in very dynamic
groups that can consist of managers, developers, engineers or other executives.
Real estate agents often work for an agency, but do client meetings on their own.
 

* **Nature of activities**: 
Most of the productive time of sales and real estate people is spent speaking to clients
on-site. Executives also spend lots of time networking and some of them give talks at
conferences to represent their company. They also do lots of phone calls and e-mail
writing but this makes up less.


* **Responsibility**:
While sales people are not the only party responsible for bringing in revenue for their
company, they play a critical role in it and are very well aware of this.
Real estate agents have the same responsibility, but are even more at the center of it.
Executives are also responsible for revenue, but additionally have to manage teams and
hence take responsibility for their team's output.


* **Working conditions**: 
They are always in different places. Executives travel to conferences, sales people
constantly go to client meetings and real estate agents show their clients flats all
across their area. However, it can be said that their work generally happens inside
within a temperature controlled environment. They are both standing, walking and sitting.
